Fart now Ouyang Jia is surrounded by me
No one comes in here.
Then what is he?
count
How did you get in?
I'm obviously fine
You mean the bunch of trash outside?
They have been eliminated by me.
This is not some kind of copper gun and iron wall
Is it hard to get in?
Tie Liang, this woman is very powerful
Kill without blinking
What are you panicking about?
Where does this go?
I'm sitting right here.
See what they can do to me
My Chen family order
As long as I give the order
Don't say you are a little Ouyang family
It's just that the whole Nancheng will be in poverty
vanished
Feilong Chen Family Order
You can mobilize all the resources of the Chen family
Equivalent to Shangfang sword
Why don't we just admit it?
Yuyan, why can't you see clearly now?
The Chen family doesn't want us to admit our mistakes at all
They're killing us.
Family Master Chen, I will give you one last chance
You go to my parents' place now and kowtow and confess
I'll let you go
Except for Mrs. Chen
I won't do it to anyone else.
What a joke they are
Dog things deserve me to kneel
Chen Tianliang
You really don't know how to write this word, do you know?
hands-on